feat:add seconds , minutes, hours prop (#36)
TuSimple/naive-ui: src/time-picker/demos/enUS/step-time.demo.md

# Step Time

> Pass a number as step or use an array to specify the item you want.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Pass a number as step or use an array to specify the items you want to show.
```

```html
<n-time-picker

>   v-model:value="time0"

Reviewer: remove the v-model (and the script part), use uncontrolled mode.
the demo will be more clear

# Step Time

> Pass a number as a step or Pass a array as option。

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Pass a number as step or use an array to specify the item you want.
```

@07akioni You can use the suggestion feature of GitHub, in case you don't know.

Reviewer: I knew it

Reviewer 2: > I knew it

I'd like to hear the reason why you don't use it :thinking:

> 

Reviewer: Pass a number as step or use an array to specify the item you want.

```html
<n-time-picker
  v-model:value="time0"
  :seconds="['05','10']"
  :hours="['01','02']"
  minutes="10"

> 

Reviewer: No empty line
